you're probably wondering why we're here
as this on your marks charity event
frankly it's because kawasaki has given
us an offer that we cannot refuse this
is the ninja h2 everyone knows about it
205 horsepower supercharged thousand CC
inline-four engine restricted to 186
miles per hour but what we're here for
is to race this now we're here with
grahame owner of a Nissan GTR you come
in with your big red four-wheeler and
you've got you've even got a rear facing
camera light as if you're going to beat
me or something and tell us about the
car this bar is now about five years old
it runs 600 horsepower 600 pounds put a
talk I've had it for four and a half
four years cup yeah four years now it's
mostly set up for track but we come to
these sorts of events for the charity
the owners club everything like that
I've done some maths and I reckon
power-to-weight ratio I've got you so I
don't know if you're feeling confident
ish III think that the bikes the bike is
going to be hard to beat I'll see you
out on track good luck
[Music]
prediction things are absolute is bold
the skyline Kawasaki h2 our ridden
ridden before now
stupidly fussier and I'm excited for
Dino it's never been done before but
yeah I don't think this guy's got much
chance to be honest with it it weighs
about 60 kilos as well which helps
here's to ya again I think I think he's
gonna call set obviously carrying a bit
more timber than D is his stock if I
don't it obviously goes down the gym
so yeah it's meant is where it might be
a bit of a disadvantage but again I
still think the Kawasaki other words I
lose this I'd like to apologize to all
bike is in advance I'm sorry
[Music]
[Applause]
we've gone absolutely nothing a
gyrocopter behind us but on a more
important note we've just finished the
the drag races that we did three
quarter-mile drag races went around the
corner of Bruntingthorpe and then went
down the long straight the bike on the
bike did well I was really really
impressed to that yeah what can you
expect
1000 cc supercharged that's impressive
I like the bit it's a bit of a beast
what sort of speeds were you hitting on
the back Straker's on the quarter mile
bit there was hardly any space at the
end so we were both heavy on the brakes
in way too much attention to the braking
zone for the quarter mile that on the
back straight I was doing probably about
165 so we the h2 managed to squeeze out
indicate a hundred and eighty a so
probably about 117 real true speed
awesome so much fun so much fun and
we're also here with Dean Addison and
James Ellison Dean been riding the h2
our and that obviously smoked the other
cars as well so if it goes without
saying I think I think I need to come
back and do it again next year Stewart
I'll see you there mate
[Music]
2:22 hell though